Next we're going to create a new layer and with a large brush with a soft edge we are going to create
a blue line across the bottom of our background.
This is the color we'll be using
and make sure that your layer is above the previous layer that we made
then we're going to bring down the opacity to about 35.
Next will add a new layer.
Then we'll come up to our waterline layer and using our wand select tool.
We're going to select the area above our two squiggly lines and then holding down shift.
We're going to select the area underneath our squiggly lines.
Then we're going to invert the selection and fill that with the same color that are squiggly lines are
made out of.
We need to create a new layer for them first underneath our waterline like so.
Next we're going to turn down the opacity on that.
Now we're going to create a new layer that will be underneath both our waterline layers and we are going
to select our water shape and we're going to fill it with this yellow color.
So go ahead and fill that
then we're going to put the layer on overlay and bring down the opacity to about 15 percent.